letter
Why should I believe
Well done with your service
Hum
Good for you
Immediately let the director of Jinhai Commerce Bureau come to the neighbor's house
Hahaha, you wait.
You are such an ignorant thing
You don't even look in the mirror.
Let's see who you are
Just because you want to order the Secretary of Commerce
Hmm, you can't believe it.
But you wait for me.
Lin Jinhai
Queen, President Aijia Village, you saw it too
He wrote the lyrics himself.
None of my business.
Then let your daughter leave him and my son
otherwise
Your neighbor died
Did you hear that?
Get this waiter out of here
Otherwise we're done
Go and post to Murakami
Dad, I think you can trust Qin Chaoan
What? You want me to believe him?
I think he has strength
What is the strength of a waiter?
When I was in the hotel just now
Even Lord Ghost is submissive to him when he talks
Are you crazy?
Who is that ghost?
Will be submissive to a waiter
Who says I'm submissive to a waiter?